tutorial: finish the first graphql tutorial (#1332)
ent/ent: doc/md/tutorial-todo-gql.md

```console
➜ tree -L 1   
.
├── ent
├── example_test.go
├── generated.go
├── go.mod
├── go.sum
├── gqlgen.yml
├── models_gen.go
├── resolver.go
├── todo.graphql
└── todo.resolvers.go

1 directories, 9 files
```

## Connect Ent to GQL

After the gqlgen assets where generated, we're ready to connect Ent to gqlgen and start running our server.
This section contains 5 steps, follow them carefully :). 

**1\.** Install the GraphQL extension for Ent

```console
go get entgo.io/contrib/entgql
```

**2\.** Create a new Go file named `ent/entc.go`, and paste the following content:

```go
// +build ignore

package main

import (
    "log"

    "entgo.io/ent/entc"
    "entgo.io/ent/entc/gen"
    "entgo.io/contrib/entgql"
)

func main() {
    err := entc.Generate("./schema", &gen.Config{
        Templates: entgql.AllTemplates,
    })
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatalf("running ent codegen: %v", err)
    }
}
```

**3\.** Edit the `ent/generate.go` file to execute the `ent/entc.go` file:

```go
package ent

//go:generate go run entc.go
```

Note that `ent/entc.go` is ignored using a build tag, and it's executed by the go generate command through the
`generate.go` file.

> **4\.** In order to use only the `go generate` command for executing code-generation for both Ent and gqlgen, we create 

Author: Fixed

	http.Handle("/",
		playground.Handler("Todo", "/query"),
	)
	http.Handle("/query", srv)
	log.Println("listening on :8081")
	if err := http.ListenAndServe(":8081", nil); err != nil {
		log.Fatal("http server terminated", err)
	}
}

```

Run the server using the command below, and open [localhost:8081](http://localhost:8081):

```console
go run ./cmd/todo
```

You should see the interactive playground:

![tutorial-todo-playground](https://entgo.io/assets/tutorial-gql-playground.png)

If you're having troubles with getting the playground, go to [first section](#clone-the-code-optional) and clone the
example repository.

## Query Todos

If we'll try to query our todo list, we'll get an error as the resolver method was not implemented. 
Let's implement the resolver by replacing the `Todos` implementation in the query resolver:

```diff
func (r *queryResolver) Todos(ctx context.Context) ([]*ent.Todo, error) {
-	panic(fmt.Errorf("not implemented"))
+	return r.client.Todo.Query().All(ctx)
}
```

Then, running this GraphQL query should return an empty todo list:

```graphql
query AllTodos {
    todos {
        id
    }
}

# Output: { "data": { "todos": [] } }
```

## Create a Todo

> Same as before, if we'll try to create a todo item in GraphQL we'll get an error as the resolver was not implemented.
> Let's implement the resolver by changing the `CreateTodo` implementation in the mutation resolver:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Same as before, if we try to create a todo item in GraphQL, we'll get an error as the resolver is not yet implemented.
Let's implement the resolver by changing the `CreateTodo` implementation in the mutation resolver:
```

```go
func (r *mutationResolver) CreateTodo(ctx context.Context, todo TodoInput) (*ent.Todo, error) {
	return r.client.Todo.Create().
		SetText(todo.Text).
		SetStatus(todo.Status).
		SetNillablePriority(todo.Priority). // Set the "priority" field if provided.
		SetNillableParentID(todo.Parent).   // Set the "parent_id" field if provided.
		Save(ctx)
}
```

> Then, creating a todo item should work:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, creating a todo item should work:
```

```graphql
mutation CreateTodo($todo: TodoInput!) {
    createTodo(todo: $todo) {
        id
        text
        createdAt
        priority
        parent {
            id
        }
    }
}

# Query Variables: { "todo": { "text": "Create GraphQL Example", "status": "IN_PROGRESS", "priority": 1 } }
# Output: { "data": { "createTodo": { "id": "2", "text": "Create GraphQL Example", "createdAt": "2021-03-10T15:02:18+02:00", "priority": 1, "parent": null } } }
```

If you're having troubles with getting this example to work, go to [first section](#clone-the-code-optional) and clone the
example repository.

---

> Please continue to the next section and learn how to Relay Node Interface with Ent.

Reviewer: maybe how to use/integrate/configure Relay Node Interface with Ent. (A sentence about it here could be useful as a teaser on what you will learn in the next phase)
